# Writting-Assignment-3
<p>My free time is so precious to me! It allows me to take a step back and recharge for whatever obstacle or task I have to do. It allows me to at times do what is necessary for me not to reach burnout. My free time does not just include laying on the couch and binge-watching series such as F.R.I.E.N.D.S or Rick and Morty.</p>

<p>In my free time, I love spending time in the sun, with a cup of coffee in my right hand, staring at a canvas, figuring out whether to throw paint on my canvas or go for something more in detail such as portraits which are painting human figures or create artistic sketches with charcoal. It allows me to better my skill and free my mind. Some go to a place where professionals listen to their problems, but why spend an R500 just to have a conversation when you can paint! Not only do I paint for fun, but it could also serve as my therapy and make my day a little more yellow.</p>

<p>I'm the type of person that loves looking in the mirror. Every time I walk past a mirror it's become second nature for me to look. My mom constantly jokes about “Vanity is sanity”. I believe I have a good reason for it, every time I look into the mirror I see a temple that is constantly building, trying to improve, and looking for improvements. YES! I am a gym rat. I do my best to stay fit. I think it would personally be sad if I was not able to know the potential of what my body could look like. A lot of individuals take to working out because of a broken heart. I can proudly say I'm not one of them. I exercise because I enjoy it, it makes me feel good and is a confidence booster. From 6 am till 7 I jog for about 5 kilometers, although not every day is peachy. To conclude this paragraph I enjoy gyming in my free time.</p>

<p>To conclude this topic I love art, I love watching others do it and most importantly I love creating my own. Exercise makes me feel good and confident that is why I enjoy exercising yet I'm not all perfect I do enjoy lazying around on the couch or listening to music with all sorts of ungodly types of food.</p>
